
# SkyOfSteel 0.1.3 Released!
<sup>Posted 6/22/19 by ForLoveOfCats</sup>


<br>


## Changelog
 * Added Rocket Jumping: Equip the rocket jumper and shoot your feet,
   you'll go flying! This can even push other players and items!
<br>
<br>
 * Improved Building: The building behavior has been tweaked and
   rewritten to be more useful and flexable as well as structured in a
   way much more conductive to mods. Read more [here.](./BetterBuilding.html)
<br>
<br>
 * Added Triangle Wall: This is a triangular wall, pretty simple but
   very useful and SkyOfSteel was sorely lacking it before.
<br>
<br>
 * Added keybinds to select inventory slot with number
   keys. [Contributed by Stenodyon]
<br>
<br>
 * Tweaked Player movement to be less floaty feeling.
<br>
<br>
 * Rewrote Player ground movement input: Pressing any directional
   input will no longer nullify any momentum being bled off via
   friction.
<br>
<br>
 * Changed Wall Kicking to require a seperate press of the jump key.


<br>
<br>


The wall kick change was required but is not ideal. Previously one
would wall kick when hitting any wall and with jump depressed. This
interfered with rocket jumping as well as being a major pain when
playing. I would prefer if one could press jump while in contact with
a wall but that has some technical blockers. So in the meantime we
have this subpar, but workable, wall kicking.


<br>
<br>


I recorded a bunch of clips to show the rocket jumping in action but I
need to get this release out ASAP. I'll upload them to Twitter and
Discord over the next few days. In the meantime go try it out and let
me know what you think! Have fun!


<br>
<br>


For 0.1.4 I am planning on cleaning up bugs, expanding the building
system, and remodeling the player character. The current player
character is entirely devoid of anything worth animating to show where
the player is looking and what they are holding. With the new player
model I hope to allow for more expressive non-verbal comunication.


<br>
<br>


## And now a message from our sponsor, YOU!
SkyOfSteel is, and always will be, free. However if you enjoy SkyOfSteel and
value my work, any support on [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=19556107)
or by hiring me to teach you how to program on
[Fiverr](https://www.fiverr.com/forloveofcats/teach-you-to-program) are greatly
appreciated. If you cannot help to support me financially or do not wish to,
please know that there are no hard feelings and I do not want to pressure my
playerbase in any way.

<br>

# Remember to rate on Itch, share with your friends, and until next time, Cheers!

<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
