# SkyOfSteel 0.1.2 Released!
*about gosh darn time*

<br>

## What happened? Why the delay in release?
Wasted work, technical issues, life in general

<br>

## What's new?
A lot of thing! For one we now have proper custom gamemode support
now. No longer a proof of concept, SkyOfSteel now allows for user
created gamemodes! Most of our work has been in the pursuit of this
goal, which contributed much to the lengthy developement process of
0.1.2

In addition to the custom gamemode support; we now have more reliable
player movement, wall kicking, a new UI theme, an update checker, and
controller support among other things.

Finally we have a website now as edvidenced by this blog post which
you are presumably reading on the new
[skyofsteel.org](https://skyofsteel.org)

<iframe width="560" height="315"
src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/D9XTBXHrNhc" frameborder="0"
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media;
gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<br>

## What's next?
I plan on moving to a bi-weekly release schedule to allow for faster
iteration times. We get to move fast and break stuff! What this means
in practice is that the new cool features and bugfixes will trickle
out into stable releases much faster, feedback and bug reports will be
aquired more rapidly, and most importantly singular releases have less
importance in the grand scheme of things meaning that we can ship more
interesting stuff more quickly. The goal is to accelerate the molasses
slow developement cycle to a more brisk pace.

In addition I am bring back weekly blog posts. Unlike before these
posts will be hosted on our very own site and will be published on
Saturday. On release weeks this post will be the changelog and
assorted information about the release while on the interum weeks the
blog posts will be made up of an interesting information about the
ongoing developement of the next release.

<br>

## Awesome! Anything else?

Actually yes! Along side this release I am launching my personal
Patreon account for founding my work on SkyOfSteel. I had been
planning on opening a Patreon eventually and with the upcoming
acclerated developement cycle I figured this the best time to launch
it. If you are willing to chip in a few bucks a month it would be
greatly appreciated. However if you are unable to or just unwilling I
want you to know that I perfectly understand and there are no hard
feelings ;) SkyOfSteel is and always will be a free game. Both free to
play, and free to be tinkered with by the player.

You can find my Patreon account [here](https://www.patreon.com/user?u=19556107)

<br>

# Until next time, Cheers!

<br>
<br>
<br>
